changed verify_checksums_file string (#894)
bitcoin-core/bitcoincore.org: _posts/en/pages/2017-01-01-download.md

release_key_obtained: "The output of the command above should say that one key was imported, updated, has new signatures, or remained unchanged."

> verify_checksums_file: "Verify that the checksums file is PGP signed by a trusted release signing key:"

Reviewer: This implies that there is such a thing as a trusted key in the absolute sense. Suggested rephrase:

```suggestion
verify_checksums_file: "Verify that the checksums file is PGP signed by a sufficient amount of keys you trust and have imported into your keychain."
```

Author: ACK
